docs: Add git proxy support docs (#547)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta1/gitrepositories.md

option to select the git library while accepting the drawbacks.

| Git Implementation | Shallow Clones | Git Submodules | V2 Protocol Support |
| ---                | ---            | ---            | ---                 |
| 'go-git'           | true           | true           | false               |

> | 'libgit2'          | false          | false          | true                |

Author: Unrelated change. I used https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular to automatically format the table.
I can remove it and keep is simple if it'd be easier to maintain.

  gitImplementation: libgit2
```

## Git Proxy

> Git proxy can be configures by setting the appropriate environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Git proxy can be configured by setting the appropriate environment variables
```
